Joining the Flappy craze
==

Being swept by the current craze for flappy bird, I wanted to pass on this little birdy frustration and at the same time make something fun. I love the fact that flappy bird is so frustrating simple that to play you have to focus on some thing else other than the bird to do well. Some people suggesting looking at the skies behind. Some at the moving pipes. Others go further to add a [typing training in there](http://www.mrspeaker.net/dev/game/flappy/). 

One interesting I found was this awesome [flappy maths saga](tikwid/flappy-math-saga) which tests your multiplication speed. It's beautiful because the split of attention really proves as a good brain teaser. I thought this could extend to other fields as well, so I wanted to make a frustrating quiz engin for multiple choice questions. But the pipe is only so long, so only true/false type questions and 2-choices were possible. 

I told this to my girlfriend and she said her english class full of 13yo's will love it. We used google spreadsheet to compile a small quiz, which I was planning to hardcode into the modified html flappy. But while sharing the google spreadsheet I realised I remembered that it could be made a public link, and so there should be a way to read the content of the public spreadsheet directly into the html.  

Turns out google spreadsheet do have an API, but the documentation is scarce and full of redirects between a few versions. From [this example](https://developers.google.com/gdata/samples/spreadsheet_sample) I figured out how to read the columns of a public spreadsheet, and voila, flappy-quiz just got its sheety backend wired up.


>"The (sec2) kids went bananas!"

Now anyone can update the link and the flappy bird will have a different problem to solve to go through the pipe!
